Encoding Obj contentType takes a media range (3.0.4) (#3813)
OAI/OpenAPI-Specification: versions/3.0.4.md

##### Fixed Fields
Field Name | Type | Description
---|:---:|---

> <a name="encodingContentType"></a>contentType | `string` | The Content-Type for encoding a specific property. The value is a media type or [media type range](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#appendix-D). Default value depends on the property type as shown in the table below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a name="encodingContentType"></a>contentType | `string` | The Content-Type for encoding a specific property. The value is a comma-separated list of [media type ranges](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#appendix-D). Default value depends on the property type as shown in the table below.
```
Note: rule `media-range` is only a single thingy, and it includes non-wildcard `type "/" subtype` as an alternative.

We can't take away the "list of" in a patch version.

Author: @ralfhandl there is no intention to take away anything.  This is what we thought made sense in a TDC call, so either it was supposed to be "list of media-ranges" or something else.

I think perhaps what we want is list of media-ranges-without-parameters, because that's what the previous awkward wording (aside from the "the two types" part) described.
